today we will look at the constructor
from the company lego series hero factory or
hero factory
freezing robot stroma on how are you
you see the designer I have already assembled it
delivered in such a beautiful package
also found with him
instruction
all 88 parts in the constructor
it can also be done all sorts
various modifications by other robots
what will I do next releases we
see with you what you can
make beautiful cool modifications
general hero factory series
my colleague's return began
I fired up this designer because
that I like very much
various biomechanical robot and
exosuits
which is very clear and well expressed here
let's see it in more detail
The kit includes 2 jumpers of the storm itself and
his fighting machine despite the fact that
jumper so small they have
opportunity so you jump about flew away so
but the storm side itself is equipped now I
closer
why such a special suit
pistol and some had plans
addition to data transfer is possible
You may need to touch their robot on
it also has a distance of 4
why did I tell you a little later now
we move on to our how to suit or
robot side he is able to very powerful
huge legs that allows him
keep balance also have a beginning
huge mechanical hand what
allows me to grab jumpers on
You can also put the fly so that it takes
[music]
with his other hand he can freeze
envy such a coil which can
twist and so it freezes
even before our second time oh jumper
so the design
robot yes it is stable
no slayer hope his main self
the skeleton because it performed
well enough
reliably that it seems to me that since
here these tanks will be on the cap see how
would my legs wobble
and further
of our
here so the robot has two rocket number
himself and
homing which he also
shoots oh oh flew out locator
radio antenna for data transmission and
flasher looks like and well behind him here
so here are the pharmacies for freezing jumpers
that is, when he catches them he
placed in this compartment now placed in
bay scan and
and transmits your center data and also you
can then omit if we open
this way was
how does the storm itself fit
my car
takeaway glass take by storm and just
here this pin lever serves for that
so that the side sat tightly with her
combat vehicle
now we are 100 to Corbin tight
closes and looks pretty quiet
very cool powerfully very cool
I recommend this kit
conclusion I want to say that the company
Oleg I think correctly made that
released such a ruler herr factor
because it is a very unusual line
due to the fact that
This picture can be collected various
I personally have variations with similar robot
all robots from this collection are following
video I will tell you them
support my channel subscribe to
new videos and like everybody until
new meetings
[music]
exactly